# King Mammoth Modpack 

> Terms and Use
> Version 3.0, August 16th, 2020
> Copyright (c) 2020 PulseBeat_02

> King Mammoth Modpack License
> TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION, AND MODIFICATION

> Our License: All Rights Reserved, Custom License


1) When you take hold of our work, we deny your access to copy and claim any content that the King Mammoth Team has made.

  This includes - but is not limited to - the following instances:
	
  1a) Content Made by the King Mammoth Team, including:

	* Custom mod configs we have made to take advantage to our modpack. If another user happens to fortuitously
          have matching configs as us, we will not file any penalties as it is not deliberate, nor is it copying.
	* CraftTweaker scripts used to refine recipes, remove items, and enhance the quality of our modpack.
	* Art such as Electronic Art, or even Physical Art we made.
	* BetterQuesting Quests we have made to add attributes to the Modpack.
		
  1b) Selling or distributing the modpack illegally. This includes, but is not limited to:

	* Accessing repost websites to repost a modpack or mod without authorization.
	* Selling content made by King Mammoth onto blacklisted websites to earn profit without consent.

  1c) Modifying original work to incorporate harmful content, including Pornography, Self-Harm Threats, and Advertising.


2) You may use our work for the FOLLOWING CONDTIONS. 

  2a) Personal Use for your own enjoyment.

  2b) Testing Purposes to improve the quality of our content.


3) Outright copyright infringement. Our name has been claimed by the King Mammoth Team. It is never permitted to copy our modpack and change the name. Bad consequences will be resulted.
  

4) You may go onto our issue tracker on GitHub, send an email to us, or ask in Discord to report issues. We allow the following:

  4a) Reporting an issue and telling us the fix to it. This is not considered modifying our files illegally, because you are assisting us.
  
  4b) Opening a pull request. We will also accept these requests if they help us while developing the modpack.

  4c) Sending us an email. This is another form of feedback to help us improve the quality.

  4d) Asking us on our Discord. Staff members generally know more about the modpack.
  

5) There is a reason why the work is provided with no warranty. If you use someone's work and "lie" when it goes wrong, you could experience consequences.
   Fix the problem yourself. You blaming someone will just make the situation worse.
   
   
6) If you fail to obey this license, you may experience the following consequences:

  6a) We may file a DMCA file takedown request to take down your file. This may result in your work being taken down.
  
  6b) We may report your modpack for copyright issues because of you inappropriately not following our license. This may also result in your
      work being gone.
	  
  6c) If you are in our discord server, we will either kick or permanently ban you depending on the severity of the problem.


7) Site Terms of Use Modifications. We may revise the terms of use at any time without notice. By playing this modpack, you are agreeing to always check with the current
   terms and conditions of use.
   



